NMS-8861: Add information about logging (#4550)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/admin/logging/logging-level.adoc

[[ga-logging-level]]

> == Logging Level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Logging Level
```

Each daemon provides different levels of logging verbosity.

[options="header"]
[cols="1,8"]
|===
| Level
| Description

| INFO

> | anything that is likely to be useful to the average user to determine the current general behavior/state of the system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Anything likely to be useful to the average user to determine the current general behavior/state of the system.
```

| WARNING

> | messages relating to code that has a failure but it might be temporary or recoverable, or code that is misconfigured but can continue running in a regressed state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Messages relating to code that has a failure that might be temporary or recoverable, or code that is misconfigured but can continue running in a regressed state.
```

| ERROR

> | only things that cause code to stop working and be unrecoverable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Only things that cause code to stop working and be unrecoverable.
```

| DEBUG

> | additional info that can help diagnose issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Additional information that can help diagnose issues.
```

| TRACE

> | even more additional info that is often only useful to developers, or is very high-output and thus could cause performance issues by enabling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Even more additional information that is often useful only to developers, or is very high output and thus could cause performance issues when enabled.
```
